OSDOCS-14655: use localqueue instead of queue to be more correct (#93238)
openshift/openshift-docs: authentication/rbac-permissions.adoc

The {product-title} Operator deploys `kueue-batch-admin-role` and `kueue-batch-user-role` cluster roles by default.

> kueue-batch-admin-role:: This cluster role includes the permissions to manage `ClusterQueues`, `LocalQueues`, `Workloads`, and `ResourceFlavors`.
> kueue-batch-user-role:: This cluster role includes the permissions to manage jobs and to view `LocalQueues` and `Workloads`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kueue-batch-admin-role:: This cluster role includes the permissions to manage cluster queues, local queues, workloads, and resource flavors.
kueue-batch-user-role:: This cluster role includes the permissions to manage jobs and to view local queues and workloads.
```

Author: updated.
